Themes (#318)
V4Fire/Client: src/base/b-tree/CHANGELOG.md

> - :house:      [Internal]
> - :nail_care:  [Polish]

## v3.0.0-rc.??? (2021-??-??)

#### :house: Internal

> * Improved test case with waiting for a timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a race condition with the test case that waits for timeouts
```
